OSDOCS-19969: Gateway API backendTLSPolicy for securing HTTPRoutes (#112677)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/ingress_load_balancing/configuring_gateway_api/securing-httproutes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="securing-httproutes"]
= Securing HTTPRoutes
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: securing-httproutes

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> To protect sensitive data and meet security compliance requirements, you must secure your Gateway API application traffic. You can secure `HTTPRoutes` by applying edge or re-encrypt Transport Layer Security (TLS) termination modes depending on your security architecture and performance needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect sensitive data and meet security compliance requirements, you must secure your Gateway API application traffic. You can secure `HTTPRoutes` by either applying edge or re-encrypt Transport Layer Security (TLS) termination. Choose your method based on your security architecture and performance needs.
```
watch out for these long AI-generated sentences; they make the Flesch-Kincaid readability score go too high
